I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!
THE CHAZZ
SHOULDN'T LIVE...
LIKE A SLIFER RAT!
I USED TO BE...
AN OBELISK BLUE!
JACUZZI TUB,
TURNDOWN SERVICE!
A WEEK OF RENOVATIONS
AND THIS PLACE STILL
ISN'T LIVABLE!
HEY, BOSS!
YOU SOUND STRESSED!
OH, YEAH,
JUST LOOK AT ALL THIS
PRESSURE BUILDING UP!
YOU!
IF YOU WANT TO BE
HELPFUL, GET LOST!
[SOBBING]
AND IF YOU WANT
TO SEE PRESSURE...
ALL RIGHT, FINALLY!
SOME PEACE AND QUIET.
Syrus:
WHAT'S UP?!
[SCREAMS]
EVER HEAR OF KNOCKING?!
UH...
WE DID.
BUT YOUR DOOR'S
WAY OVER THERE!
[GIGGLING]
NOT FUNNY.
Jaden: YEAH,
I GUESS NOT.
SO, LET'S GO
FOR FUN!
[LAUGHTER]
HEY! GET OFF MY BED!
IT'S NOT A TRAMPOLINE!
BY THE WAY....
THE CHANCELLOR
WANTS TO
SEE YOU.
SHEPPARD?!
WHAT FOR?!
OH, JUST SOMETHING
ABOUT THE FATE
OF DUEL ACADEMY!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
I HAVE SOME URGENT
NEWS, CHAZZ.
FINALLY!
MY NEW BED
ARRIVED?
COOL!
WHAT DO YOU SAY WE
GO JUMP AROUND ON IT!
THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOUR
LIVING ARRANGEMENTS...
YEAH? THEN WHAT?
WELL, SOMEONE
IS TRYING TO...
BUY OUT THE DUEL ACADEMY!
AND THIS SOMEONE...
PLANS TO GET RID OF ALL
THE TEACHERS AND STUDENTS,
AND SHUT THIS PLACE
DOWN FOREVER.
SHUT IT DOWN?!
WHY?!
WITHOUT US...
THEY CAN CONTROL...
THE ENTIRE
DUELING WORLD.
BUT, FORTUNATELY,
OUR OWNER...
HAS GIVEN US
A SPORTING CHANCE...
YOU HEARD ME RIGHT.
IT'S NOT ABOUT THE MONEY,
IT'S ABOUT THE CARDS.
I WILL ONLY SELL
YOU MY ACADEMY
IF YOU PROVE YOUR
WORTH AS A DUELIST
AND BEAT ONE OF MY
STUDENTS IN BATTLE.
IT COMES DOWN
TO ONE DUEL.
LET ME!
I'LL WHUP THIS GUY!
NO.
HUH?
THE DUELIST IS
ALREADY CHOSEN.
WELL, WHO'S
IT GONNA BE?!
[SIGH]
SO, IT'S CHAZZ?
FOR SOME REASON,
THEY ASKED FOR
HIM SPECIFICALLY.
I BELIEVE THIS
IS THEM NOW.
ON SCREEN.
YES.
[GASPS]
IT'S CHAZZ'S
BROTHERS?!
Jaden: THAT FIGURES.
LOUSY SCRUBS!
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?!
COME ON, CHAZZ.
DON'T YOU KNOW?
JAGGER?
SAME THING!
Both: COMPLETE WORLD
DOMINATION!
REMEMBER?
IT WAS OUR LITTLE
FAMILY PROJECT!
[SCOFFS]
YOUR PROJECT MAYBE!
YEAH, WELL,
NOW IT PRETTY MUCH
HAS TO BE,
HUH, CHAZZ?
THAT'S RIGHT.
BECAUSE YOU COULDN'T
PULL YOUR WEIGHT!
YOU COULDN'T CONQUER
THE WORLD OF DUEL MONSTERS
LIKE WE PLANNED.
SO, NOW...
SLADE IS JUST GOING TO
HAVE TO DO IT FOR YOU!
SO, I'M
DUELING SLADE?!
YOU'LL TAKE
HIM EASY, CHAZZ!
TOTALLY!
I MEAN, SLADE'S
JUST AN AMATEUR!
YOU GUYS BETTER RETHINK
YOUR BUSINESS STRATEGY!
THIS ONE STINKS!
NO, IT DOESN'T.
BECAUSE THERE ARE
FEW CONDITIONS.
FIRST...
I GET TO USE ALL
THESE RARE CARDS.
THE SAME RARE
CARDS WE GAVE YOU
TO USE IN
THE SCHOOL DUEL.
OF COURSE, YOU REFUSED
TO USE THEM...
AND YOU LOST.
AND THERE'S ONE
MORE THING, CHAZZ...
DURING OUR DUEL,
YOU'RE ONLY ALLOWED
TO DUEL WITH MONSTERS
THAT HAVE LESS THAN
500 LIFE POINTS.
WHAT THE...
500?!
THIS IS A JOKE, RIGHT?
SAY "NO," CHAZZ.
IT'S TOO LATE!
VERY WELL.
I ACCEPT
THOSE TERMS.
NOW LEAVE.
SO, IT'S ALREADY
BEEN DECIDED!
THIS ISN'T FAIR!
[SIGH]
NO, IT'S NOT.
BUT THEN,
THAT'S THE POINT!
[CHUCKLING]
[LAUGHING]
GUESS WE SHOULD
GO PACK UP.
HUH?!
CHAZZ!
HOLD UP,
YOU CAN WIN THIS!
FOR REAL!
YOU'RE WRONG.
THERE'S
NO WAY I CAN.
DUEL ACADEMY
IS THROUGH.
OH, MAN!
LOOK!
THERE'S CHAZZ!
THIS WHOLE MESS IS
TOTALLY HIS FAULT!
I HEARD THAT HE'S
ALREADY ACCEPTED DEFEAT!
OF COURSE HE HAS!
HE PROBABLY WANTS
HIS BROTHERS TO WIN.
WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER
LET HIM BACK HERE.
YEAH, TOTALLY.
Jaden: WELL, YOU KNOW
WHAT I THINK?
[GROWLS]
I THINK YOU'RE
ALL DEAD WRONG!
I KNOW CHAZZ
CAN WIN THIS DUEL!
BECAUSE I'VE
DUELED HIM MYSELF,
AND DUELISTS DON'T
COME MUCH TOUGHER!
YEAH, I KNOW.
THAT'S EXACTLY
THE PROBLEM, JADEN!
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
HONESTLY, CHAZZ,
YOU'RE NOT MAKING
ANY SENSE.
HUH?!
BASTION'S RIGHT.
BEING TOUGH IS USUALLY
A GOOD THING, CHAZZ.
IN MY BOOK.
LOOK, IT'S...
IT'S ABOUT CHAZZ
HERE BEING TOO TOUGH--
SPECIFICALLY HIS DECK.
IT'S ABOUT CHAZZ NOT
EVEN BEING ABLE TO DUEL.
HUH?!
WHAT DO
YA MEAN?!
WHAT I MEAN,
SYRUS...
IS THAT HIS DECK ISN'T
BUILT WITH MONSTERS
THAT HAVE LESS THAN
500 ATTACK POINTS.
WAIT,
SO THEN...
MY CARDS ARE
ALL TOO POWERFUL.
'CAUSE OF THAT CONDITION
MY BRO'S SET UP,
MY DECK IS USELESS.
ALL I'VE GOT LEFT IS HIM.
[GIGGLES]
[GASPS]
WHAT!
JUST HIM?
YOU CAN'T MAKE
A DECK WITH
ONE CARD!
HE MAY NOT NEED TO.
HUH?
THIS IS BUT
A RUMOR...
BUT GIVEN
THE CIRCUMSTANCES,
IT MAY BE WORTH
INVESTIGATING.
NOW, SUPPOSEDLY,
MY STUDENTS,
DEEP IN THE WOODS,
SITS A VERY OLD WELL...
AND WITHIN THIS WELL,
LAY A GREAT MANY CARDS.
YOU SEE, THEY
WERE DISCARDED THERE
BY DUELISTS WHO
BELIEVED THEM TOO WEAK
TO EVER USE IN THEIR DECKS.
OF COURSE...
THE SPIRITS OF
ALL THOSE CARDS
ARE QUITE ANGRY FOR
BEING LEFT BEHIND.
OH, YEAH?
WELL, THE CHAZZ
HAS A FEELING
THEY'RE GOING TO BE
PERKING UP REAL SOON.
'CAUSE I'M GONNA
FIND THAT WELL
AND ENLISTING SOME NEW
MONSTERS FOR MY DECK!
GO GET 'EM, CHAZZ!
SAVE THE SCHOOL!
Jaden: ♪ HANGING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOL YARD ♪
♪ YEAH, FINDING TROUBLE-- ♪
YA KNOW...
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
FOLLOW ME EVERYWHERE!
YEAH, BUT
WHO'S GONNA LOOK
OUT FOR YOU
IF YOU GET
JUMPED BY ANGRY
DUEL SPIRITS?!
I MEAN,
THE WHOLE ACADEMY
IS COUNTING
ON YA, CHAZZ!
GIVE ME A BREAK.
LIKE BANNER SAID,
IT'S PROBABLY JUST
A RUMOR ANYWAY--
[GASPS]
UH, OR NOT.
WHOA!
THOSE THINGS
REALLY DON'T
LOOK TOO FRIENDLY.
PLEASE!
THEY'RE HARMLESS.
LOOK.
OH.
[GASPING]
[SCREAMING]
HUH?
NOTHING HAPPENED?
OF COURSE NOT!
REMEMBER THESE
ARE WEAK SPIRITS.
KIND OF LIKE
THE ANNOYING "ROOMMATE"
I GOT CRASHING
IN MY DECK.
Jaden: OH, LOOK!
THERE'S THE WELL!
WHAT TIPPED
YOU OFF?
THE BIG HOLE
IN THE GROUND?!
CHECK OUT THESE CARDS!
IT'S JUST
LIKE BANNER SAID.
YOU COULD BUILD
A WEAK DECK
IN NO TIME
WITH THESE!
IN CASE YOU
KNUCKLEHEADS
HADN'T NOTICED,
THIS HERE'S
PRIVATE PROPERTY!
YEAH, THAT'S
TELLING 'EM!
WHAT?!
NUMBSKULLS LIKE YOU
DITCHED US HERE, SO...
WE DON'T WANT YA HERE!
NYUK, NYUK,
NYUK, NYUK!
THESE TWO ARE
A FEW CARDS
SHORT OF A DECK!
HEY!
WHO YOU CALLING SHORT,
CHOWDER-HEAD?
YEAH!
LISTEN.
WE DIDN'T LEAVE
YOU HERE
BUT SOMEBODY DID,
'CAUSE YOU'RE WEAK!
IT'S TRUE!
WE'RE WEAK!
[SOBBING]
GIVE IT A REST!
I'M SORRY, OK?!
Jaden: WE'RE
BOTH SORRY!
[ALL SOBBING]
[SOBBING]
WHAT'S THE RACKET?
HUH?!
IS THAT OUR...
YES!
BLACK? GREEN?
IS THAT YOU?!
Both: OUR LOST BROTHER,
OJAMA YELLOW!
OH!
MY BROTHERS!
Both: WELCOME BACK!
[LAUGHING]
WHOA.
WHAT A FAMILY
REUNION!
YEAH, MAYBE
A DYSFUNCTIONAL ONE.
I'M GOING.
GOING?
BUT WHY, CHAZZ?
BOSS ISN'T A FAN
OF DUEL SPIRITS.
HE MIGHT, UH...
DECIDE TO LEAVE
THE TWO OF YOU HERE.
Both: LEAVE US?!
WHO DOES HE
THINK HE IS!
LOOK AT ME WHEN
I'M TALKING TO YOU!
I'D DO WHAT HE SAYS!
HE GETS VIOLENT!
Jaden: SO MUCH
FOR "WEAK!"
Both: YOU'RE
TAKING US!
AND US, TOO!
DON'T FORGET US!
WELL, CHAZZ?
WELL,
IT CAN'T HURT.
[GROWLS]
FINE.
WHOEVER WANTS TO...
CAN COME WITH ME.
[CHEERING]
BUT THERE'S
ONE CONDITION!
LET ME GUESS!
LOTS OF HUGS?!
[SCREAMS]
Both: HUGS COMING UP, CHAZZ!
FREEDOM!
Man: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
TODAY'S MATCH DETERMINES
THE FATE OF DUEL ACADEMY!
SLADE PRINCETON VERSUS
CHAZZ PRINCETON...
NOW, ARE YOU READY TO DUEL?!
IF YOU WANT
TO BACK OUT,
TELL ME NOW!
DOES THIS...
ANSWER YOUR
QUESTION?!
HA!
[GROWLS]
BRING IT!
DUEL!
IT'S GO TIME!
CHECK THIS OUT.
HA!
I SUMMON SOUL TIGER...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[GROWLS]
WITH THAT ATTACK POINT
HANDICAP CHAZZ HAS ON HIM,
I'LL BET WE HEAR THAT A LOT!
HEY, WITH DEFENSE
POINTS LIKE THAT...
THAT MIGHT JUST
BE A GOOD THING.
Chazz: YOU'RE UP, BRO.
[CHUCKLES]
THANK YOU.
AND I'LL ACTIVATE:
POLYMERIZATION!
AND FUSE LORD OF DRAGONS
WITH DIVINE
DRAGON RAGNAROK!
THIS ISN'T GOOD!
WITH THOSE,
HE CAN SUMMON...
KING DRAGUN!
[ROARS]
[GASPS]
AND CHECK OUT HIS
SPECIAL ABILITY!
EACH AND EVERY TURN
HE'S ON THE FIELD...
I GET TO SUMMON ANOTHER
DRAGON TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY HAND!
LIKE THIS ONE,
FOR EXAMPLE:
LUSTER DRAGON
NUMBER TWO!
WOW!
AW!
TWO MONSTERS WITH
2,400 ATTACK POINTS?!
BIG WHUP!
I THINK YOU MEAN
BIG WHUPPING!
KING DRAGUN,
ATTACK SOUL TIGER
WITH FIRE SCOURGE!
[GRUNTING]
AND NOW...
LUSTER DRAGON NUMBER TWO,
ATTACK WITH EMERALD
FLAME ATTACK!
[SCREAMING]
HE GOT NAILED!
WELL, SO MUCH
FOR ALL THOSE
DEFENSE POINTS.
YOUR MOVE, CHAZZ.
[GASPS]
ABOUT TIME!
HA!
I'LL THROW...
A MONSTER DOWN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THAT'S ALL.
THAT'S ALL?!
THIS'LL BE EASIER
THAN I THOUGHT.
I SUMMON LUSTER DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND DRAGUN'S ABILITY...
[GROWLS]
SUMMONS HYOZANRYU!
HUH?!
4 MONSTERS?!
CONGRATULATIONS!
YOU CAN ADD.
BUT TELL ME,
LITTLE BROTHER,
HOW'S YOUR
SUBTRACTION?
GIVE CHAZZ A LESSON, DRAGUN...
TAKE OUT HIS
LAST MONSTER!
[SCREAMS]
HMM.
HUH?!
[SCREAMS]
WHAT ARE THESE THINGS?!
IT'S MULTIPLICATION.
WHEN UNHAPPY MAIDEN
IS SENT TO THE GRAVE...
HUNDREDS OF HER
LITTLE FRIENDS
DROP IN AND END YOUR
TURN AUTOMATICALLY.
[SNARLS]
SO, YOU LAST
A BIT LONGER.
IT DOESN'T MATTER!
YEAH? WANT TO BET?
HA!
I CALL...
SPIRIT OF
THE BREEZE...
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD:
THE DARK DOOR!
AND AS LONG AS THIS DOOR
IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
WE CAN ONLY ATTACK WITH
ONE MONSTER EACH ROUND!
NICE TRY, BRO.
BUT IT'S JUST A MATTER
OF TIME BEFORE
I BUST THAT DOOR DOWN.
AND NOW, HMM.
KING DRAGUN, ATTACK!
FIRE SCOURGE!
[SHRIEKS]
MY TURN!
I PLAY
CATNIPPED KITTY!
A CAT?!
YOU CAN DO BETTER?
WELL, YOU'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT!
[CHUCKLE]
PERFECT.
WITH THIS LITTLE CARD,
YOUR SCHOOL IS
AS GOOD AS MINE!
BUT, HEY,
FIRST THING'S FIRST...
LET'S DECLAW
THAT KITTY!
[GRUNTS]
THEN I'LL LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
A FACEDOWN CARD?!
AND MY GUT
SAYS...
HE'S PLANNING
TO DESTROY CHAZZ'S
DOOR WITH IT.
IT'S MY DRAW!
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT!
AND BECAUSE IT IS...
MY TRAP ACTIVATES!
DUST TORNADO!
AND YOU KNOW WHAT'S
RIGHT IN ITS PATH?
I HAVE AN INKLING.
CHAZZ'S DARK DOOR.
[GROWL]
[SCREAMS]
HIS ONE DEFENSE IS GONE!
NEXT TURN,
SLADE WILL ATTACK CHAZZ
WITH EVERYTHING!
WELL, BRO...
I'D SAY
THE SCHOOL'S OURS.
PREPARE
THE WRECKING BALLS!
NOT SO FAST, BRO.
I PLAY PAINFUL CHOICE!
I KNOW YOU'RE
A LITTLE SLOW,
SO I'LL USE
SMALL WORDS.
I PICK 5 CARDS
FROM MY DECK.
THEN YOU CHOOSE
ONE OF THE CARDS
AND THAT CARD
IS ADDED TO MY HAND.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR?
PICK!
HOW SCARY!
5 WEAK CARDS FROM
ONE WEAK DECK!
WHATEVER WILL I DO?!
I'LL PICK THE ONE CARD
THAT'S NOT A MONSTER--
THUNDER CRASH!
THANK YOU.
I WAS HOPING YOU'D
PICK THAT ONE!
YOU WERE?!
BUT MORE ABOUT
THAT LATER,
NOW I PLAY ENCHANTING
FITTING ROOM!
I PAY 800 POINTS,
AND GET TO
LOOK AT 4 CARDS!
AND...
IF ANY OF THEM ARE LEVEL-3
OR BELOW MONSTERS...
I CAN SUMMON THEM!
OBVIOUSLY, POT OF GREED
IS NO MONSTER...
BUT THE 3 OJAMA
BROTHERS SURE ARE!
All: TA-DA!
YOU ARE KIDDING.
DON'T TELL ME YOU
PINNED THE HOPES
OF SAVING YOUR
LITTLE ACADEMY
ON THESE 3 TWERPS!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SEE WHY.
All: HEY, BOSS!
SURE, THEY
LOOK FUNNY...
THEY SMELL
REAL BAD...
NOBODY EVEN
LIKES 'EM...
AND THEY NEVER
SHUT UP!
All: HUH?!
BUT THESE GUYS...
TAUGHT ME
SOMETHING IMPORTANT.
Both: THEY DID?!
YOU SHOULD EAT
DESSERT FIRST?
FLIES
TASTE GREAT!
THAT BATHING
IS OPTIONAL?
THAT GOOD BROS
SUPPORT EACH OTHER!
SO, I'M NOT A GOOD BRO?
THAT'S RIGHT,
WHICH IS WHY
I DON'T FEEL BAD
ABOUT DOING THIS.
I PLAY A SPELL CARD!
NOW, DO YOUR THING!
All: RIGHT-O, BOSS!
YELLOW!
BLACK!
GREEN!
All: COMBINE!
OJAMA DELTA HURRICANE!
WHAT IN THE...
[LAUGHTER]
[GRUNTING]
[GROWLING]
WHAT HAPPENED?
THEY'RE ALL GONE?!
THANKS TO A LITTLE THING
CALLED BROTHERLY LOVE.
HERE'S HOW IT
WORKS, SLADE...
WHEN THE OJAMA BROTHERS
ARE ON THE FIELD,
DELTA HURRICANE
CAN DESTROY ALL
YOUR MONSTERS!
All: LOOK WHO'S WEAK NOW!
TIME TO TAKE HIM OUT!
OH, YEAH!
AND WITH THIS--
THUNDER CRASH!
HUH?
GUYS, WHAT'S
THUNDER CRASH DO?
DON'T ASK ME.
I LEFT MY READING
MONOCLE IN THE WELL!
SEEMS...
CHAZZ DEALS 300
POINTS OF DAMAGE,
FOR EVERY MONSTER
ON HIS FIELD
THAT HE DECIDES
TO DESTROY.
Both: DID HE SAY
"DESTROY"?!
All: NO, BOSS,
SAY IT ISN'T SO!
SORRY, GUYS--
HAVE TO!
SEE YA AROUND!
OH, NO!
PLEASE!
[SCREAMING]
GO, THUNDER CRASH!
[GRUNTS]
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
A THING, GOT THAT?!
YOU'RE DECK'S STILL
FULL OF WEAKLINGS,
AND MINE'S STILL
FULL OF RARE MONSTERS
JUST REARING TO
TEAR YOU APART!
I DON'T THINK SO...
THANKS TO ALL THE CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD, SLADE!
'CAUSE I PLAY...
CHAOS NECROMANCER!
SURE, HE STARTS
OUT WEAK,
BUT HE GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EACH MONSTER
THAT'S IN MY GRAVEYARD!
EACH ONE?!
WAIT, SO...
SO, WITH 11 MONSTERS
IN MY GRAVE...
HIS ATTACK POINTS
ARE 3,300!
HOW'S THAT FOR WEAK?
NO WAY!
[HOWLING]
HEY, WE'RE BACK!
Both: SO,
HE DOES LOVE US!
[GASPS]
NO, HOLD ON!
NOW, CHAOS NECROMANCER,
ATTACK WITH CURTAIN
CALL CATAPULT!
[LAUGHING]
[SCREAMING]
NO FAIR!
YOU GO BYE-BYE!
YEAH!
[GRUNTING]
CHAZZ DID IT!
YEAH!
HE SAVED THE SCHOOL!
[CHEERING]
WAIT!
YOU KNOW THE CHEER!
"CHAZZ IT..."
Both: UP!
Both: OF COURSE!
CHAZZ IT UP!
All: CHAZZ IT UP!
IMBECILE!
HOW COULD YOU
LOSE THIS?!
RELAX, JAGGER.
IT'S ONLY
ONE DUEL.
ONE DUEL?
JUST LISTEN TO THEM!
THIS ONE DUEL
HAS TURNED CHAZZ
INTO A HERO!
AND A MAJOR
HEADACHE FOR US.
OF COURSE, HE WON.
DID YOU REALLY
THINK I WOULD
GIVE DUEL ACADEMY
TO THOSE TWO?
THEY HAVE A LOT TO LEARN
ABOUT WORLD DOMINATION.
[LAUGHTER]
CATCH ME!
OH, A WISE GUY!
GOT YA!
QUIET!
GET OUT HERE!
NOW!
I DIDN'T
SIGN UP FOR THIS!
COME ON, BOSS!
THOSE GUYS
JUST WANT TO
BE YOUR FRIEND!
NOW, LET'S GO
GET SOME PIZZA!
I CALL EXTRA
ANCHOVIES!
[CHEERING]
YEAH!
I DON'T WANT
ANCHOVIES!
AND I DON'T WANT
ANY FRIENDS!
OR ANY ROOMMATES!
OR PETS OR...
OR WHATEVER IT IS
YOU GUYS ARE!
IN THAT CASE,
JUST CALL
US FAMILY!
All: YEAH!
YEAH!